TL improvement (#558)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_013.txt

			NULL, "\"Don't say something so stupid!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/210300656", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　誰に吹き込まれたか知らないけどなんでそんなデタラメをっ！！」",

> 			NULL, " I don't know who filled your head with that idea, but why would you talk absolute garbage?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I don't know who filled your head with that idea, but why would you say such absolute garbage?!\"", Line_Normal);
```
